#README
---

The goal of this part is to predict the residential energy consumption levels of a city when some attributes of the city are given.

# Analysis.py

This is a python script to process and analyze data, including

* Preprocess

* Detect Outliers

* Basic Statistical Analysis

* Histograms and Correlations

* Cluster Analysis

* Predictive Analysis 

# common_attrs_commercial.csv

Extract the useful attributes for commercial energy data analysis.

# common_attrs_commercial.csv

Extract the useful attributes for industrial energy data analysis.

# cleaned_residential.csv

The preprocessed data contianing necessary attributes and no duplicated rows.

# degreed_residential.csv

The data containing electricity and natural gas degree attributes.

# binned_residential.csv

The data containing only normal values with binning method.

# lof_residential.csv

The data containinng only normal values with LOF algorithm.

# Histogram.png

The histogram of sub data set contianing 'housing_units', 'total_pop', 'elec_mwh' abnd 'gas_mcf' attributes.

# scatterplot.png

A set of scatterplot subplots of all pairs of above 4 attributes.

# k-means_pca2D.png

The PCA projection of the clusters generated by k-means method.

# Ward_pca2D.png

The PCA projection of the clusters generated by Ward method.

# DBScan_pca2D.png

The PCA projection of the clusters generated by DBSCAN method.

# output.txt

The content to print, including bin counts, percentages of outliers, confusion matrix and classification report of validation.

# Project Assignment 2.pdf

The report containing explaination of every selection, operation and result.

